# weather-app
My first personal project making a weather app. In this project, I first watched a tutorial on how to make a weather app on youtube. From the turtorial, I learned how to access Open Weather Map's api and how to use the requests module to obtain the data. I used the requests module to send a GET requests to Open Weather Map. At first the turtorial only showed how to use one url to obtain the weather data, however Open Weather had updated and now in order to get the weather data, you must get the latgitude and longitude of the location instead of just using the location name. To support these new url requirements, I had to send a get request to Open Weather Map's Geocoding API which only requires the name of the location and api key. Then I had to take the data from the api call and transform it into json format inorder to search and obtain the exact coordinates of the location. Then using those coordinates, send a get request to the Current Weather Forcast API url with the lat, lon and api key. After transforming the Current Weather Forecast weather data into json format, I was able to search and obtain the temperature and weather. However, the temperature was in kelvin instead of farenheit, so I had to convert the temperature to to farenheit and then print out the information to the user. That is the general experience I had with making this simple console printed weather app. I watched a video using css styling and making the app more visibly appealing then using the console, and they covered all the ways of checking for errors with sending GET requests. However, I am not as experienced in that field and I believe that styling can easliy templated or created using ai tools. I am currently more focused on a backend project and this will give me a little start. I was mainly concerned with accessing the data instead of exploring the recovered data as I am much more experienced with searching semi-structured data like json.
